Update biosy 05.2025 (#1594)
tpwres/teczki-polskiego-wrestlingu: content/w/vincent-caravaggio.md

Since [Underground 22](@/e/ptw/2024-08-25-ptw-underground-22.md) he's been involved in a storyline where he aligned himself with another heel, [Alex Brave](@/w/alex-brave.md), against the new generation of PTW's babyfaces - [Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md) and [Miyagi Shida](@/w/miyagi-shida.md).

#### Championship pursuit

> After [Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md), PTW's founder and co-owner, turned heel by attacking [Spartan](@/w/spartan.md) during his [PTW Championship](@/c/ptw-championship.md) match against [Dawid "Puncher" Seńko](@/w/puncher.md), he quickly received approval from both Vincent and Alex Brave on social media. This led to Vincent facing another chairman - [Łukasz Okoński](@/w/lukasz-okonski.md) - in a Singles Match at [Nowe Porządki](@/e/ptw/2025-01-11-ptw-nowe-porzadki.md). Later on, Caravaggio took part in a Championship Tournament for the inaugural [PTW Underground Championship](@/c/ptw-underground-championship.md), in which he advanced to the finals. This took place at [Wiosenna Bijatyka](@/e/ptw/2025-03-15-ptw-wiosenna-bijatyka.md), where Max Speed emerged victorious from a Ladder Match. At [Prezes vs Prezes](@/e/ptw/2025-04-12-ptw-prezes-vs-prezes.md) Vincent opened the show to announce that he is leaving Prime Time Wrestling. However, this was later revealed as a sort of smokescreen employed by Vincent at the end of the show to attack Łukasz Okoński along with Alex Brave. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After [Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md), PTW's founder and co-owner, turned heel by attacking [Spartan](@/w/spartan.md) during his [PTW Championship](@/c/ptw-championship.md) match against [Dawid "Puncher" Seńko](@/w/puncher.md), he quickly received approval from both Vincent and Alex Brave on social media. This led to Vincent facing the other chairman - [Łukasz Okoński](@/w/lukasz-okonski.md) - in a Singles Match at [Nowe Porządki](@/e/ptw/2025-01-11-ptw-nowe-porzadki.md).
Later on, Caravaggio took part in a Championship Tournament for the inaugural [PTW Underground Championship](@/c/ptw-underground-championship.md), in which he advanced to the finals. These took place at [Wiosenna Bijatyka](@/e/ptw/2025-03-15-ptw-wiosenna-bijatyka.md), where Max Speed emerged victorious from a Ladder Match. At [Prezes vs Prezes](@/e/ptw/2025-04-12-ptw-prezes-vs-prezes.md) Vincent opened the show to announce that he is leaving Prime Time Wrestling. However, this was later revealed as a sort of smokescreen employed by Vincent at the end of the show, in order to attack Łukasz Okoński along with Alex Brave. 
```
